{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red226\green226\blue226;\red13\green13\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c90980\c90980\c90980;\cssrgb\c5882\c5882\c5882;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa800\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ay, ay, ay\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Good to see you\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Come on, let's go\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Yeah! Let's go!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Alright, alright, okay\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Alright, okay\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Alright, okay\cb1 \
\cb3 Return of the Mack\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Get 'em, what it is, what it does, what it is, what it isn't\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Looking for a better way to get up out of bed\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Instead of getting on the Internet and checking a new hit me, get up\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Thrift shop, pimp-strut walkin'\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Little bit of humble, little bit of cautious\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Somewhere between like Rocky and Cosby\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Sweater game, nope nope, y'all can't copy\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Yup, Bad, moonwalking, this here is our party\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 My posse's been on Broadway, and we did it our way\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Grown music, I shed my skin and put my bones\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Into everything I record to it and yet I'm on\cb1 \
\cb3 Let that stage light go and shine on down\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Got that Bob Barker suit game and plinko in my style\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Money, stay on my craft and stick around for those pounds\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 But I do that to pass the torch and put on for my town\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Trust me, on my I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T shit, hustlin'\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Chasing dreams since I was fourteen\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 With the four-track, bussin'\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Halfway cross that city with the backpack, fat cat, crushin'\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Labels out here, nah, they can't tell me nothin'\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 We give that to the people, spread it across the country\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Labels out here, nah, they can't tell me nothin'\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 We give it to the people, spread it across the country\cb1 \
\cb3 Can we go back? This is the moment\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Can we go back? This is the moment\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \
\cb3 Now, can I kick it? Thank you\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Yeah, I'm so damn grateful\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I grew up really wanting gold fronts\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 But that\'92s what you get when Wu-Tang raised you\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Y'all can't stop me\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Go hard like I got a 808 in my heartbeat\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 And I'm eating at the beat like you gave a little speed\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 To a great white shark on Shark Week, raw!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Tell me go up, gone\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Deuces, goodbye, I got a world to see and my girl, she wanna see Rome\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Caesar'll make you a believer\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Nah, I never ever did it for a throne\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 That validation comes from giving it back to the people\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Now sing the song, and it goes like\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Raise those hands, this is our party\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 We came here to live life like nobody was watching\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I got my city right behind me, if I fall, they got me\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Learn from that failure, gain humility and then we keep marching, I said\cb1 \
\cb3 Can we go back? This is the moment\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Can we go back? This is the moment\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \
\cb3 And so we put our hands up\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 And so we put our hands up\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Oh, oh, oh, oh\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Oh, oh, oh, oh\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Oh, oh, oh, oh\cb1 \
\cb3 Let's go!\cb1 \
\cb3 Na na na na, na na na na\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Hey-ee ay-ee ay-ee ay, hey\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 And all my people say\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Na na na na, na na na na\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Hey-ee ay-ee ay-ee ay, hey\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 And all my people say\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Na na na na, na na na na\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Oh-oh-oh oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 And all my people say\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Na na na na, na na na na\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Mack-le-eh-eh-eh-eh-more!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Can we go back? This is the moment\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Can we go back? This is the moment\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Like the ceiling can't hold us\cb1 \
}